Initial sample (#1)
Azure-Samples/ms-identity-javascript-nodejs-console: README.md

## Features

This sample demonstrates the following **MSAL Node** concepts:

* Configuration
* Acquiring an access token
* Calling a web API

## Contents

| File/folder           | Description                                                  |
|-----------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| `AppCreationScripts/` | Contains Powershell scripts for automating app registration. |
| `bin/index.js`        | Application entry.                                           |
| `bin/auth.js`         | Main authentication logic resides here.                      |
| `bin/fetch.js`        | Contains an Axios HTTP client for calling endpoints.         |
| `.env`                | Environment variables of authentication parameters.          |

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) must be installed to run this sample.
* [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) is recommended for running and editing this sample.

### Setup

> 1. [Register a new application](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/scenario-daemon-app-registration) in the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com). Ensure that you have obtained **admin consent** for API permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Register [a Daemon app that calls web APIs](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/scenario-daemon-app-registration) in the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com).
1. In the app's registration screen, select the API permissions blade in the left to open the page where we add access to the APIs that your application needs.
    - Select the Add a permission button and then,
    - Ensure that the Microsoft APIs tab is selected.
    - In the Commonly used Microsoft APIs section, select Microsoft Graph
    - Select Application Permissions. 
    - In this section, select the `User.Read.All` from the list. Use the search box if necessary.
    - Select the Add permissions button at the bottom.
    - Be sure to click the checkmark to **Grant admin consent**.
```

Reviewer 2: +1, its "Application Permissions"

---
In reply to: [560588228](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/ms-identity-javascript-nodejs-console/pull/1#discussion_r560588228) [](ancestors = 560588228)
